Update deprecation notice (#3)
configcat/migrate-ld-cc: README.md

# Migrate LaunchDarkly To ConfigCat

> The script in this repo is outdated and not fully functional. Another, more complete built-in solution has been
> developed and is now publicly available on the [ConfigCat Dashboard](https://app.configcat.com/organization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script in this repo is outdated and not fully functional. Another official built-in solution has been
developed and available on the [ConfigCat Dashboard](https://app.configcat.com/organization).
```
